+++
title = "FTC 2017"
date = 2018-07-25T14:51:50+03:00  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2017-11-29T13:30:00-08:00
time_end = 2017-11-29T14:00:00-08:00

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "I was presenting our research paper \"Applying Deep Machine Learning for Psycho-Demographic Profiling of Internet Users using O.C.E.A.N. Model of Personality\" at Future Technologies Conference 2017, held in the 29 and 30th November in Vancouver, BC, Canada."
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "Future Technologies Conference 2017, Vancouver, BC, Canada"
event_url = "http://www.saiconference.com/Conferences/FTC2017"

# Location of event.
location = "Vancouver, BC, Canada"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["psistats"]

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = ["deep-learning", "artificial-neural-networks", "machine-learning", "deep-neural-networks", "psycho-demographic profiling"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "files/applying-deep-machine-FTC2017.pdf"
url_slides = "https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.1567925819961729.1073741846.367039590050364&type=1&l=b01b73d30b"
url_video = ""
url_code = "https://github.com/NewGround-LLC/psistats"

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "publications/1/ftc2017.png"
caption = ""

+++

The full reference of the presented work is:

> Omelianenko, I (2017). Applying Deep Machine Learning for Psycho-Demographic Profiling of Internet Users using O.C.E.A.N. Model of Personality. Proceedings of the 2017 Future Technologies Conference (SAI) – IEEE, Vancouver, Canada, ISBN (USB) 978-1-5386-1744-1, pp. 375-384
